DOCS-3667: Document annual billing feature for subscription billing model (#4447)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/manage/white-labelled-billing.md

    },
    "tier_name": "example-tier",
    "description": "",
    "tier_credit": 0.0,
    "in_arrears": true
  }
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Full Template (yearly)" %}}

```json
{
  "billing": {
    "cost_per_year": {
      "per_machine": 0
    },
    "tier_name": "example-tier",
    "description": "",
    "tier_credit": 0.0,

>     "in_arrears": true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "in_arrears": false
```
Technically needed to make this a valid example config

### Can I customize the billing page further?

If you need further customization, please [contact us](mailto:support@viam.com).

### How does renewal work?

Renewal is automatic for upfront annual billing and for upfront monthly billing.
For monthly billing after usage, if there is no usage, there is no charge.
If the `per_machine` field is set, then a machine existing, is considered usage.

### When are invoices generated?

- **Monthly billing (`in_arrears: true`)**: Invoices are generated on the first day of the month and customers are charged at the end of each month for the per machine cost and usage during that month.
  For example, if you set up a machine on June 20, you'll get an invoice on July 1 for 10 days of usage. Then you'll get the next invoice on August 1 for the usage in July.

> - **Monthly billing (`in_arrears: false`)**: Invoices are generated within 30 to 90 minutes after the billing fragment is added to the machine and customers are charged at the beginning of each new month of usage for the per machine cost.
>   For example, if you set up a monthly upfront machine on June 20, you'll get an invoice within an hour or two.
>   Then you'll get the next invoice on July 20, then August 20, and so on.
> - **Annual billing (`in_arrears: false`)**: Invoices are generated within 30 to 90 minutes after the billing fragment is added to the machine and customers are charged at the beginning of each new year of usage for the per machine cost.
>   For example, if you set up an annual upfront machine on June 20, you'll get an invoice within an hour or two.
>   Then you'll get the next invoice on June 20 the following year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Monthly billing (`in_arrears: false`)**: Invoices are generated shortly after the billing fragment is added to the machine and customers are charged at the beginning of each new month of usage for the per machine cost.
  For example, if you set up a monthly upfront machine on June 20, you'll get an invoice shortly after on the same day.
  Then you'll get the next invoice on July 20, then August 20, and so on.
- **Annual billing (`in_arrears: false`)**: Invoices are generated shortly after the billing fragment is added to the machine and customers are charged at the beginning of each new year of usage for the per machine cost.
  For example, if you set up an annual upfront machine on June 20, you'll get an invoice shortly after on the same day.
  Then you'll get the next invoice on June 20 the following year.
```
I totally wasn't clear in my last comment, but I think it's better to avoid exposing the exact details of our background jobs that generate the invoices (it's possible that we tweak the timing and would prefer to avoid updating docs just for that). IMO saying "shortly" is enough to get the point across to users. The rest looks great!
